Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/imaging-overview.md

 [!code-vb[BitmapMetadata#SetQuery](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_Wpf/BitMapMetadata/VB/BitmapMetadata.vb#setquery)]  
  
<a name="_extensibility"></a>

## Codec Extensibility  

 A core feature of WPF Imaging is the extensibility model for new image codecs. These unmanaged interfaces enable codec developers to integrate codecs with WPF so new image formats can automatically be used by WPF applications.  
  

>  For a sample of the extensibility API, see the [Win32 Sample Codec](/samples/browse/). This sample demonstrates how to create a decoder and encoder for a custom image format.  

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
 For a sample of the extensibility API, see the [Win32 Sample Codec](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Graphics/AITCodec). This sample demonstrates how to create a decoder and encoder for a custom image format.  
```

- <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Image>
- <xref:System.Windows.Media.Imaging.BitmapMetadata>
- [2D Graphics and Imaging](../advanced/optimizing-performance-2d-graphics-and-imaging.md)

> - [Win32 Sample Codec](/samples/browse/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Win32 Sample Codec](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Graphics/AITCodec)
```
